This week, there are holidays for healthy salmon attacks, our vital drinking water
and the most embarrassing situations on earth, and first of all a wonderful good day
dear people, the hacki here, welcome to the 51.
Follow nonsense calendar!
After a weekend full of steaks and blowjobs and the "all-you-think-it-is-wrong-day"
we start this week appropriately on 16.
March with the "all-you-do-it-is-right-day".
Do not worry, something is going wrong today, that's all, you can not
to be wrong.
Although I want to limit that so far that it is not a free ticket, your teacher
to show the middle finger and tell him that he is a deviated whore son.
No, that would not be right at all.
It continues on 17.
March with the "St.
Patrick's Day, Ireland's national holiday.
This folk festival actually celebrates the first Christian missionary of Ireland, Bishop Patrick
and it is therefore originally a church feast.
But under the motto "Everybody's Irish on St.
Patrick's Day "is attracted to green around the world in solidarity with Ireland
and - of course, also in connection with Ireland - the head drunk away.
And so there are parades and parties in many cities around the world, the Irish national hero
St.
Patrick to celebrate.
Who the next morning on 18.
March completely hangover next to an unknown person wakes up, can directly "Awkward
Moments Day ", freely translated" Embarrassing moments day "celebration.
Life is full of moments where one wishes oneself to open the ground and one
sinking into it.
For example, if you introduce a new colleague to the company employees and you
Does not know names of people with whom one chats daily for years.
Or this typical situation in the city, when one runs to a person, and
you always dodge at the same time to the left and right, only to then against each other
to run.
What happened to you when you wanted to break yourself in the air with embarrassment
would have?
Write me your most unpleasant story in The Comments.
Most of the time, after a short while you can already smile about such things, and fittingly
this is on 19.
March the "Lass-us-laugh-day".
It's no secret, laughter is healthy, and on this day you can be with one
Extra portion of laughter for your well-being.
And to make my contribution to having something to laugh about: here is a selfie
from a stoned monkey.
It continues on the 20th.
March with the international "Day of Happiness".
Happiness is so important to man that this day of action is from the United Nations
was decided.
However, this is about happiness in the sense of well-being, not about that
Random luck playing the lottery, with a lottery win in turn also for well-being
contributes.
Hmmm ... Well, no matter: in each of us is a little lucky guy, so seek
your goals to be happy!
On the 21st
March is so damn busy in terms of holidays, so it was really hard for me to decide
which is probably the most important here.
But after a short consideration, it should be clear to everyone that the "Corn Dog Day"
most absolutely significant.
I mean hello?
This is a sausage in an outside crispy and inside soft pastry on a stem.
I really do not know what to focus on that dayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Let's come to another important topic because on 22.
March is the "World Water Day".
This day introduced by the UN should point out that nearly 1 billion people
in the world has no access to clean drinking water.
This fact must be melted on the tongue.
The most normal thing in the world for us, that we only have to make a gesture around
Unfortunately, getting fluent water is not that common everywhere.
There are many events and actions on this day to work on this grievance
and the least we can do is to save some water ourselves, not so
15 minutes under the shower and the toilet flushing whenever possible
Press the economy button.
Tell that to as many people as possible, and to get rid of them right away, that's the episode
over here too!
If you liked it, leave me a nice review and a comment.
Right you come to the last episode Quatschkalender and left for all who's missed so far
have an info video about the hackishirts.
Follow me on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook to miss anything and joa, then
I would say we'll meet again next week, at the last regular episode of
Calendar nonsense!
Hauter in, your hacki!